# Compiler

【Abstract】.NET Framework is a software development and operating platform promoted by Microsoft. .NET has kept on learning from latest software and technological achievements in recent years. Particularly in 2010, many new technologies were added to .NET4.0 platform, making it as good as JAVA platform. It provides all products based on .NET4.0 with strong technical support. Judging from the development and application,.NET Framework can be substitutes for Win32 API. Additionally, it is easy to understand and use the function that windows provided. It is not necessary to use all kinds of complicated API while using .NET Framework to develop applications. All we need is to use those namespaces which already exist. It greatly reduced the difficulty for beginners.
The paper is about a .NET Framework-based compiler. .NET Framework platform independent definition of c# programming language as the source language compiler .NET Framework platform identified by Microsoft Intermediate Language, explained and executed by .NET Framework. According to software testing and experiments, the compiler is capable of working on the recognition and treatment of the global and local integer type, double type, boolean type, string type and one-dimensional array, achieving function call and recursively, console input and output. Eventually，it achieves the goal of translating c# language into the source language of the Microsoft Intermediate Language(MSIL). Meanwhile，it takes use of the .NET Framework command to compile the executable console application. 
The paper helps understanding more about MSIL. We can learn about the CLR based on the principle of operation of the stack and directly seen the MSIL most convenient instruction. We also have good commend of NET Framework platform-level programming language, and learn the knowledge of underlying optimization programming.

【Keywords】Microsoft Intermediate Language, C # Language, Compiler Theory, .NET Framework
